com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/HomePage_5.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_5
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_5$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_5$MyTask
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/google/android/gms/gass/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.gass.R
in/myinnos/androidscratchcard/R.java
 in.myinnos.androidscratchcard.R
 in.myinnos.androidscratchcard.R$anim
 in.myinnos.androidscratchcard.R$attr
 in.myinnos.androidscratchcard.R$bool
 in.myinnos.androidscratchcard.R$color
 in.myinnos.androidscratchcard.R$dimen
 in.myinnos.androidscratchcard.R$drawable
 in.myinnos.androidscratchcard.R$id
 in.myinnos.androidscratchcard.R$integer
 in.myinnos.androidscratchcard.R$layout
 in.myinnos.androidscratchcard.R$string
 in.myinnos.androidscratchcard.R$style
 in.myinnos.androidscratchcard.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_model/ProductDefaultAttributes.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductDefaultAttributes
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductDefaultAttributes$1
com/clickshipp/shop/utils/DeepLinking.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.DeepLinking
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.DeepLinking$1
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/CategoryListAdapter_2_horizontal.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_2_horizontal
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_2_horizontal$MyViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/utils/ValidateInputs.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.ValidateInputs
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/SubCategories_1.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SubCategories_1
com/clickshipp/shop/utils/ImagePicker.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.ImagePicker
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
com/braintreepayments/cardform/R.java
 com.braintreepayments.cardform.R
 com.braintreepayments.cardform.R$anim
 com.braintreepayments.cardform.R$animator
 com.braintreepayments.cardform.R$attr
 com.braintreepayments.cardform.R$bool
 com.braintreepayments.cardform.R$color
 com.braintreepayments.cardform.R$dimen
 com.braintreepayments.cardform.R$drawable
 com.braintreepayments.cardform.R$id
 com.braintreepayments.cardform.R$integer
 com.braintreepayments.cardform.R$interpolator
 com.braintreepayments.cardform.R$layout
 com.braintreepayments.cardform.R$string
 com.braintreepayments.cardform.R$style
 com.braintreepayments.cardform.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/ProductReviewsAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductReviewsAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductReviewsAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
com/google/android/gms/appinvite/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.appinvite.R
 com.google.android.gms.appinvite.R$style
com/clickshipp/shop/models/terms_and_policy_model/PolicyResponse.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.terms_and_policy_model.PolicyResponse
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/My_Orders.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.My_Orders
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.My_Orders$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.My_Orders$2
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
com/github/paolorotolo/appintro/R.java
 com.github.paolorotolo.appintro.R
 com.github.paolorotolo.appintro.R$anim
 com.github.paolorotolo.appintro.R$attr
 com.github.paolorotolo.appintro.R$bool
 com.github.paolorotolo.appintro.R$color
 com.github.paolorotolo.appintro.R$dimen
 com.github.paolorotolo.appintro.R$drawable
 com.github.paolorotolo.appintro.R$id
 com.github.paolorotolo.appintro.R$integer
 com.github.paolorotolo.appintro.R$layout
 com.github.paolorotolo.appintro.R$string
 com.github.paolorotolo.appintro.R$style
 com.github.paolorotolo.appintro.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/ads/impl/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads.impl.R
 com.google.android.gms.ads.impl.R$string
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Categories_3.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Categories_3
com/clickshipp/shop/models/points/PointsModel.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.points.PointsModel
com/clickshipp/shop/utils/ToStringConverterFactory.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.ToStringConverterFactory
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.ToStringConverterFactory$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.ToStringConverterFactory$2
com/clickshipp/shop/models/language_model/LanguageData.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.language_model.LanguageData
com/clickshipp/shop/models/notifications/NotificationData.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.notifications.NotificationData
com/clickshipp/shop/models/post_model/PostDetails.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.post_model.PostDetails
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_model/Filters.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.Filters
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/CategoryListAdapter_2.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_2
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_2$MyViewHolder
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/BannerStyle4.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.BannerStyle4
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.BannerStyle4$1
com/clickshipp/shop/models/seller_detail_model/Collection.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.seller_detail_model.Collection
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Billing_Address.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Billing_Address
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Billing_Address$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Billing_Address$1$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Billing_Address$1$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Billing_Address$1$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Billing_Address$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Billing_Address$2$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Billing_Address$2$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Billing_Address$2$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Billing_Address$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Billing_Address$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Billing_Address$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Billing_Address$6
com/clickshipp/shop/models/order_model/OrderProducts.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.order_model.OrderProducts
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_filters_model/PostFilters.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_filters_model.PostFilters
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/SubCategories_5.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SubCategories_5
com/clickshipp/shop/models/get_tax/ShippingId.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.get_tax.ShippingId
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Shipping_Methods.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Methods
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Methods$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Methods$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Methods$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Methods$GetShippingZonesAndLocations
com/clickshipp/shop/models/GeoFencing/GeofencingList.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.GeoFencing.GeofencingList
com/paypal/android/sdk/payments/R.java
 com.paypal.android.sdk.payments.R
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Categories_1_grid.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Categories_1_grid
com/clickshipp/shop/oauth/OAuthInterceptor.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.OAuthInterceptor
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.OAuthInterceptor$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.OAuthInterceptor$Builder
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/HomePage_1.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_1$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_1$MyTask
com/google/android/gms/ads/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads.R
 com.google.android.gms.ads.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.ads.R$style
 com.google.android.gms.ads.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/services/MyFirebaseMessagingService.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.services.MyFirebaseMessagingService
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_model/ProductDetails.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductDetails
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductDetails$1
com/clickshipp/shop/utils/CheckPermissions.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.CheckPermissions
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Intro_Slide_5.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Intro_Slide_5
com/clickshipp/shop/models/device_model/DeviceInfo.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.device_model.DeviceInfo
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/NewsCategories.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.NewsCategories
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.NewsCategories$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.NewsCategories$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.NewsCategories$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.NewsCategories$LoadMoreTask
com/clickshipp/shop/models/coupons_model/CouponMetaDataValue.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.coupons_model.CouponMetaDataValue
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.coupons_model.CouponMetaDataValue$1
com/clickshipp/shop/customs/NotificationBadger.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.NotificationBadger
com/clickshipp/shop/services/UpdateLocation.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.services.UpdateLocation
com/facebook/places/R.java
 com.facebook.places.R
 com.facebook.places.R$attr
 com.facebook.places.R$bool
 com.facebook.places.R$color
 com.facebook.places.R$dimen
 com.facebook.places.R$drawable
 com.facebook.places.R$id
 com.facebook.places.R$integer
 com.facebook.places.R$layout
 com.facebook.places.R$string
 com.facebook.places.R$style
 com.facebook.places.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Categories_1_horizontal.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Categories_1_horizontal
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/DownloadAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.DownloadAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.DownloadAdapter$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.DownloadAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/bogdwellers/pinchtozoom/R.java
 com.bogdwellers.pinchtozoom.R
 com.bogdwellers.pinchtozoom.R$anim
 com.bogdwellers.pinchtozoom.R$attr
 com.bogdwellers.pinchtozoom.R$bool
 com.bogdwellers.pinchtozoom.R$color
 com.bogdwellers.pinchtozoom.R$dimen
 com.bogdwellers.pinchtozoom.R$drawable
 com.bogdwellers.pinchtozoom.R$id
 com.bogdwellers.pinchtozoom.R$integer
 com.bogdwellers.pinchtozoom.R$layout
 com.bogdwellers.pinchtozoom.R$string
 com.bogdwellers.pinchtozoom.R$style
 com.bogdwellers.pinchtozoom.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/CurrencyFrag.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.CurrencyFrag
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.CurrencyFrag$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.CurrencyFrag$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.CurrencyFrag$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.CurrencyFrag$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.CurrencyFrag$ChangeLocaleTask
com/clickshipp/shop/models/links_model/Links.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.links_model.Links
com/clickshipp/shop/oauth/OAuthConstants.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.OAuthConstants
com/clickshipp/shop/models/seller_detail_model/Address.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.seller_detail_model.Address
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/SubCategoryListAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.SubCategoryListAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.SubCategoryListAdapter$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.SubCategoryListAdapter$ViewHolder
io/card/payment/R.java
 io.card.payment.R
 io.card.payment.R$drawable
com/clickshipp/shop/oauth/TimestampService.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.TimestampService
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.TimestampService$Timer
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/CategoryListAdapter_6.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_6
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_6$MyViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/models/shipping_model/ShippingMethodSettingsTitle.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.shipping_model.ShippingMethodSettingsTitle
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_filters_model/FilterTerm.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_filters_model.FilterTerm
com/clickshipp/shop/models/order_model/PostOrder.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.order_model.PostOrder
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/points/PointConversionModel.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.points.PointConversionModel
com/clickshipp/shop/utils/Utilities.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.Utilities
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.Utilities$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.Utilities$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.Utilities$3
com/clickshipp/shop/models/get_tax/ShippingInfo.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.get_tax.ShippingInfo
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Intro_Slide_1.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Intro_Slide_1
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/SearchFragment.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SearchFragment
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SearchFragment$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SearchFragment$2
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/News.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.News
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.News$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.News$2
com/clickshipp/shop/models/api_response_model/BaseResponse.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.api_response_model.BaseResponse
com/clickshipp/shop/models/order_model/OrderMetaData.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.order_model.OrderMetaData
com/clickshipp/shop/activities/TrackingActivity.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.TrackingActivity
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.TrackingActivity$1
com/clickshipp/shop/network/StartAppRequests.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.network.StartAppRequests
 com.clickshipp.shop.network.StartAppRequests$1
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/ShippingMethodsAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ShippingMethodsAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ShippingMethodsAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/CategoryListAdapter_1.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_1
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_1$MyViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/utils/NotificationScheduler.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.NotificationScheduler
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/HomePage_9.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_9
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_9$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_9$MyTask
com/clickshipp/shop/models/download/Order.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.download.Order
com/clickshipp/shop/models/shipping_model/ShippingZone.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.shipping_model.ShippingZone
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_model/ProductCategories.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductCategories
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductCategories$1
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/ProductsFeatured.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.ProductsFeatured
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.ProductsFeatured$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.ProductsFeatured$2
com/clickshipp/shop/customs/DividerItemDecoration.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.DividerItemDecoration
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
com/clickshipp/shop/models/get_tax/GetTax.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.get_tax.GetTax
com/clickshipp/shop/models/user_model/UserData.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.user_model.UserData
com/clickshipp/shop/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.MainActivity
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.MainActivity$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.MainActivity$10
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.MainActivity$11
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.MainActivity$12
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.MainActivity$13
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.MainActivity$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.MainActivity$2$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.MainActivity$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.MainActivity$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.MainActivity$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.MainActivity$6
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.MainActivity$7
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.MainActivity$8
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.MainActivity$9
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/BannerStyle1.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.BannerStyle1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.BannerStyle1$1
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
com/clickshipp/shop/oauth/BasicOAuth.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.BasicOAuth
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.BasicOAuth$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.BasicOAuth$Builder
com/braintreepayments/browserswitch/R.java
 com.braintreepayments.browserswitch.R
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/NewsCategoriesAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.NewsCategoriesAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.NewsCategoriesAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/HomePage_4.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_4
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_4$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_4$MyTask
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$bool
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_model/Store.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.Store
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.Store$1
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/SellerDetail.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SellerDetail
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SellerDetail$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SellerDetail$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SellerDetail$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SellerDetail$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SellerDetail$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SellerDetail$6
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SellerDetail$7
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SellerDetail$LoadMoreTask
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
com/google/android/gms/maps/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Products.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Products
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/ProductMetaDataAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductMetaDataAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductMetaDataAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/receivers/AlarmReceiver.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.receivers.AlarmReceiver
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/About.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.About
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.About$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.About$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.About$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.About$3$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.About$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.About$4$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.About$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.About$5$1
com/clickshipp/shop/models/language_model/LanguageDetails.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.language_model.LanguageDetails
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_model/ProductTags.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductTags
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductTags$1
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/customs/CustomListView.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.CustomListView
com/clickshipp/shop/oauth/HmacSha1SignatureService.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.HmacSha1SignatureService
com/clickshipp/shop/constant/ConstantValues.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.constant.ConstantValues
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/user_model/UserShipping.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.user_model.UserShipping
com/google/firebase/messaging/R.java
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R$string
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/HomePage_8.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_8
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_8$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_8$MyTask
com/clickshipp/shop/models/order_model/OrderShippingMethod.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.order_model.OrderShippingMethod
com/clickshipp/shop/oauth/Parameter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.Parameter
com/clickshipp/shop/models/download/MinAmountForFreeShiping.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.download.MinAmountForFreeShiping
com/braintreepayments/api/core/R.java
 com.braintreepayments.api.core.R
com/facebook/applinks/R.java
 com.facebook.applinks.R
 com.facebook.applinks.R$attr
 com.facebook.applinks.R$bool
 com.facebook.applinks.R$color
 com.facebook.applinks.R$dimen
 com.facebook.applinks.R$drawable
 com.facebook.applinks.R$id
 com.facebook.applinks.R$integer
 com.facebook.applinks.R$layout
 com.facebook.applinks.R$string
 com.facebook.applinks.R$style
 com.facebook.applinks.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/oauth/OAuthException.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.OAuthException
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_model/Address.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.Address
com/clickshipp/shop/customs/BannerStyle2ViewPager.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.BannerStyle2ViewPager
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/ProductAdditionalValuesAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdditionalValuesAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdditionalValuesAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/google/firebase/firebase_core/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_core.R
com/google/firebase/iid/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.internal.R
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Thank_You.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Thank_You
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Thank_You$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Thank_You$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Thank_You$3
com/facebook/login/R.java
 com.facebook.login.R
 com.facebook.login.R$anim
 com.facebook.login.R$attr
 com.facebook.login.R$bool
 com.facebook.login.R$color
 com.facebook.login.R$dimen
 com.facebook.login.R$drawable
 com.facebook.login.R$id
 com.facebook.login.R$integer
 com.facebook.login.R$layout
 com.facebook.login.R$string
 com.facebook.login.R$style
 com.facebook.login.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/user_model/UserBilling.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.user_model.UserBilling
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/RecentlyViewed.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.RecentlyViewed
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.RecentlyViewed$1
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/BannerItemFragment.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.BannerItemFragment
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/DemoCouponsListAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.DemoCouponsListAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.DemoCouponsListAdapter$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.DemoCouponsListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/models/seller_detail_model/SellerProductsIDS.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.seller_detail_model.SellerProductsIDS
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/NewsDescription.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.NewsDescription
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.NewsDescription$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.NewsDescription$2
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/LanguagesAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.LanguagesAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.LanguagesAdapter$ViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/CategoryListAdapter_4.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_4
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_4$MyViewHolder
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/All_Products.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Products
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Products$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Products$10
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Products$11
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Products$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Products$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Products$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Products$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Products$5$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Products$5$1$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Products$6
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Products$7
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Products$8
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Products$9
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Products$LoadMoreTask
com/clickshipp/shop/models/coupons_model/CouponMetaData.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.coupons_model.CouponMetaData
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.coupons_model.CouponMetaData$1
com/clickshipp/shop/oauth/OAuthEncoder.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.OAuthEncoder
com/clickshipp/shop/utils/NotificationHelper.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.NotificationHelper
com/braintreepayments/api/R.java
 com.braintreepayments.api.R
 com.braintreepayments.api.R$anim
 com.braintreepayments.api.R$animator
 com.braintreepayments.api.R$attr
 com.braintreepayments.api.R$bool
 com.braintreepayments.api.R$color
 com.braintreepayments.api.R$dimen
 com.braintreepayments.api.R$drawable
 com.braintreepayments.api.R$id
 com.braintreepayments.api.R$integer
 com.braintreepayments.api.R$interpolator
 com.braintreepayments.api.R$layout
 com.braintreepayments.api.R$raw
 com.braintreepayments.api.R$string
 com.braintreepayments.api.R$style
 com.braintreepayments.api.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/links_model/Links_Collection.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.links_model.Links_Collection
com/braintreepayments/api/googlepayment/R.java
 com.braintreepayments.api.googlepayment.R
 com.braintreepayments.api.googlepayment.R$anim
 com.braintreepayments.api.googlepayment.R$animator
 com.braintreepayments.api.googlepayment.R$attr
 com.braintreepayments.api.googlepayment.R$bool
 com.braintreepayments.api.googlepayment.R$color
 com.braintreepayments.api.googlepayment.R$dimen
 com.braintreepayments.api.googlepayment.R$drawable
 com.braintreepayments.api.googlepayment.R$id
 com.braintreepayments.api.googlepayment.R$integer
 com.braintreepayments.api.googlepayment.R$interpolator
 com.braintreepayments.api.googlepayment.R$layout
 com.braintreepayments.api.googlepayment.R$string
 com.braintreepayments.api.googlepayment.R$style
 com.braintreepayments.api.googlepayment.R$styleable
com/facebook/share/R.java
 com.facebook.share.R
 com.facebook.share.R$anim
 com.facebook.share.R$attr
 com.facebook.share.R$bool
 com.facebook.share.R$color
 com.facebook.share.R$dimen
 com.facebook.share.R$drawable
 com.facebook.share.R$id
 com.facebook.share.R$integer
 com.facebook.share.R$layout
 com.facebook.share.R$string
 com.facebook.share.R$style
 com.facebook.share.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/download/DownloadsModel.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.download.DownloadsModel
com/clickshipp/shop/activities/IntroScreen.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.IntroScreen
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/News_All.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.News_All
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.News_All$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.News_All$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.News_All$LoadMoreTask
com/clickshipp/shop/models/shipping_model/ShippingMethodSettingsType.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.shipping_model.ShippingMethodSettingsType
com/clickshipp/shop/oauth/Preconditions.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.Preconditions
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/CheckoutItemsAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CheckoutItemsAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CheckoutItemsAdapter$MyViewHolder
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
com/clickshipp/shop/models/category_model/CategoryDetails.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.category_model.CategoryDetails
com/clickshipp/shop/databases/User_Cart_DB.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.databases.User_Cart_DB
 com.clickshipp.shop.databases.User_Cart_DB$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.databases.User_Cart_DB$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.databases.User_Cart_DB$3
com/clickshipp/shop/models/seller_detail_model/Self.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.seller_detail_model.Self
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/News_of_Category.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.News_of_Category
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.News_of_Category$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.News_of_Category$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.News_of_Category$LoadMoreTask
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/PaymentMethodAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.PaymentMethodAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.PaymentMethodAdapter$ViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/models/cart_model/CartDetails.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.cart_model.CartDetails
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
com/clickshipp/shop/models/post_model/PostContent.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.post_model.PostContent
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/ExtraSettings.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.ExtraSettings
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.ExtraSettings$1
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/ProductAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapter$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapter$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapter$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapter$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapter$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapter$6
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapter$7
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapter$8
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapter$9
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/models/shipping_model/ShippingMethodSettings.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.shipping_model.ShippingMethodSettings
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/BannerStyle3.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.BannerStyle3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.BannerStyle3$1
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Intro_Slide_3.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Intro_Slide_3
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Categories_1_horizontal_small.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Categories_1_horizontal_small
com/clickshipp/shop/models/seller_detail_model/Links.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.seller_detail_model.Links
com/clickshipp/shop/models/download/Links.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.download.Links
com/clickshipp/shop/models/category_model/CategoryImage.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.category_model.CategoryImage
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_filters_model/FilterDetails.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_filters_model.FilterDetails
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/user_model/UpdateUser.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.user_model.UpdateUser
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/HomePage_6.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_6
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_6$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_6$MyTask
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Categories_5.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Categories_5
com/google/android/gms/location/places/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$dimen
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$layout
 com.google.android.gms.location.places.R$string
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Categories_2_horizontal.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Categories_2_horizontal
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Categories_2_horizontal$1
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/FilterTermsAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.FilterTermsAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.FilterTermsAdapter$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.FilterTermsAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/models/seller_detail_model/SellerDetail.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.seller_detail_model.SellerDetail
com/clickshipp/shop/customs/FilterDialog.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.FilterDialog
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.FilterDialog$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.FilterDialog$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.FilterDialog$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.FilterDialog$4
com/clickshipp/shop/models/seller_detail_model/Payment.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.seller_detail_model.Payment
io/branch/referral/R.java
 io.branch.referral.R
 io.branch.referral.R$attr
 io.branch.referral.R$bool
 io.branch.referral.R$color
 io.branch.referral.R$dimen
 io.branch.referral.R$drawable
 io.branch.referral.R$id
 io.branch.referral.R$integer
 io.branch.referral.R$layout
 io.branch.referral.R$string
 io.branch.referral.R$style
 io.branch.referral.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/get_tax/BillingInfo.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.get_tax.BillingInfo
com/clickshipp/shop/models/payment_model/GetAllPaymentMethod.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.payment_model.GetAllPaymentMethod
com/clickshipp/shop/utils/FacebookPixel.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.FacebookPixel
com/facebook/common/R.java
 com.facebook.common.R
 com.facebook.common.R$anim
 com.facebook.common.R$attr
 com.facebook.common.R$bool
 com.facebook.common.R$color
 com.facebook.common.R$dimen
 com.facebook.common.R$drawable
 com.facebook.common.R$id
 com.facebook.common.R$integer
 com.facebook.common.R$layout
 com.facebook.common.R$string
 com.facebook.common.R$style
 com.facebook.common.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/My_Cart.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.My_Cart
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.My_Cart$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.My_Cart$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.My_Cart$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.My_Cart$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.My_Cart$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.My_Cart$5$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.My_Cart$5$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.My_Cart$6
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.My_Cart$6$1
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
com/clickshipp/shop/models/order_model/AfterShip.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.order_model.AfterShip
com/clickshipp/shop/R.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.R
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$anim
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$animator
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$array
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$attr
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$bool
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$color
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$dimen
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$drawable
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$id
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$integer
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$interpolator
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$layout
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$menu
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$mipmap
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$raw
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$string
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$style
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$styleable
 com.clickshipp.shop.R$xml
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/GroupedProductsAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.GroupedProductsAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.GroupedProductsAdapter$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.GroupedProductsAdapter$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.GroupedProductsAdapter$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.GroupedProductsAdapter$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.GroupedProductsAdapter$MyViewHolder
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/activities/Login.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Login
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Login$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Login$10
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Login$11
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Login$12
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Login$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Login$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Login$3$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Login$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Login$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Login$6
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Login$7
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Login$8
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Login$9
com/clickshipp/shop/models/api_response_model/ErrorResponse.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.api_response_model.ErrorResponse
com/clickshipp/shop/models/post_model/PostEmbedded.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.post_model.PostEmbedded
com/clickshipp/shop/activities/Signup.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Signup
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Signup$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Signup$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Signup$2$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Signup$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Signup$3$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Signup$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Signup$4$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Signup$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Signup$6
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Signup$7
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.Signup$8
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/BannerStyle2.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.BannerStyle2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.BannerStyle2$1
com/google/android/gms/flags/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.flags.R
com/clickshipp/shop/customs/EndlessRecyclerViewScroll.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.EndlessRecyclerViewScroll
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.EndlessRecyclerViewScroll$1
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Order_Details.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Order_Details
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Order_Details$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Order_Details$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Order_Details$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Order_Details$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Order_Details$GetOrderedProducts
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/BannerStyle2Adapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.BannerStyle2Adapter
com/facebook/shimmer/R.java
 com.facebook.shimmer.R
 com.facebook.shimmer.R$attr
 com.facebook.shimmer.R$id
 com.facebook.shimmer.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/SubCategories_3.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SubCategories_3
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/ContactUs.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.ContactUs
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.ContactUs$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.ContactUs$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.ContactUs$3
com/google/firebase/firebase_invites/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_invites.R
com/clickshipp/shop/oauth/OAuthSignatureException.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.OAuthSignatureException
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/ProductAttributesAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAttributesAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAttributesAdapter$ViewHolder
com/google/firebase/iid/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.R
com/clickshipp/shop/customs/CustomViewPager.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.CustomViewPager
com/clickshipp/shop/models/seller_detail_model/Caps.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.seller_detail_model.Caps
com/clickshipp/shop/oauth/NameValuePair.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.NameValuePair
com/google/firebase/auth/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.R
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/HomePage_7.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_7
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_7$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_7$MyTask
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_model/ProductMetaData.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductMetaData
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductMetaData$1
com/clickshipp/shop/models/shipping_model/ShippingMethodSettingsCost.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.shipping_model.ShippingMethodSettingsCost
com/google/firebase/dynamiclinks/R.java
 com.google.firebase.dynamiclinks.R
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
com/clickshipp/shop/models/drawer_model/Drawer_Items.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.drawer_model.Drawer_Items
androidx/browser/R.java
 androidx.browser.R
 androidx.browser.R$attr
 androidx.browser.R$color
 androidx.browser.R$dimen
 androidx.browser.R$drawable
 androidx.browser.R$id
 androidx.browser.R$integer
 androidx.browser.R$layout
 androidx.browser.R$string
 androidx.browser.R$style
 androidx.browser.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/download/Product.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.download.Product
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_model/ProductDimensions.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductDimensions
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductDimensions$1
com/clickshipp/shop/models/seller_detail_model/Data.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.seller_detail_model.Data
com/clickshipp/shop/utils/LocaleHelper.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.LocaleHelper
com/clickshipp/shop/models/user_model/UserPicture.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.user_model.UserPicture
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/BannerStyle6.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.BannerStyle6
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.BannerStyle6$1
com/clickshipp/shop/databases/DB_Handler.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.databases.DB_Handler
com/facebook/R.java
 com.facebook.R
 com.facebook.R$anim
 com.facebook.R$attr
 com.facebook.R$bool
 com.facebook.R$color
 com.facebook.R$dimen
 com.facebook.R$drawable
 com.facebook.R$id
 com.facebook.R$integer
 com.facebook.R$layout
 com.facebook.R$string
 com.facebook.R$style
 com.facebook.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/oauth/URLEscapeUtils.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.URLEscapeUtils
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/MeFragment.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.MeFragment
com/clickshipp/shop/models/notifications/Notification.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.notifications.Notification
com/clickshipp/shop/models/order_model/OrderDetails.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.order_model.OrderDetails
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/BannerStyle5.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.BannerStyle5
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.BannerStyle5$1
com/clickshipp/shop/utils/ExampleNotificationOpenedHandler.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.ExampleNotificationOpenedHandler
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Product_Description.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$10
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$11
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$12
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$13
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$14
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$15
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$16
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$17
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$18
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$19
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$20
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$21
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$22
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$23
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$24
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$25
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$26
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$6
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$7
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$8
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$9
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Product_Description$GetLinkedProducts
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
com/clickshipp/shop/models/seller_detail_model/Social.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.seller_detail_model.Social
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Categories_1.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Categories_1
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/OrderedProductsListAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.OrderedProductsListAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.OrderedProductsListAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/models/GeoFencing/Geofencing.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.GeoFencing.Geofencing
com/clickshipp/shop/customs/AppBarFlingBehavior.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.AppBarFlingBehavior
com/clickshipp/shop/models/banner_model/BannerData.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.banner_model.BannerData
com/clickshipp/shop/models/download/File.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.download.File
com/paypal/android/sdk/R.java
 com.paypal.android.sdk.R
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/ViewPagerSimpleAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ViewPagerSimpleAdapter
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
com/clickshipp/shop/customs/CircularImageView.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.CircularImageView
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/clickshipp/shop/utils/SendTokenToServer.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.SendTokenToServer
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.SendTokenToServer$1
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Points_Fragment.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Points_Fragment
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Points_Fragment$1
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/clickshipp/shop/models/points/WcPointsRewardsEarnPointsRatio.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.points.WcPointsRewardsEarnPointsRatio
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/BuildConfig.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.BuildConfig
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Shipping_Address.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Address
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Address$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Address$1$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Address$1$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Address$1$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Address$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Address$2$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Address$2$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Address$2$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Address$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Address$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Shipping_Address$5
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/network/APIRequests.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.network.APIRequests
com/clickshipp/shop/models/user_model/Nonce.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.user_model.Nonce
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/HomePage_10.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_10
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_10$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_10$MyTask
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Categories_2.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Categories_2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Categories_2$1
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
com/clickshipp/shop/models/device_model/AppSettingsDetails.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.device_model.AppSettingsDetails
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/HomePage_3.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_3$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_3$MyTask
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Categories_new_7.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Categories_new_7
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_model/ProductReviews.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductReviews
com/crashlytics/android/answers/shim/R.java
 com.crashlytics.android.answers.shim.R
androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/download/Collection.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.download.Collection
com/clickshipp/shop/models/terms_and_policy_model/PolicyContent.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.terms_and_policy_model.PolicyContent
com/clickshipp/shop/oauth/Timestamp.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.Timestamp
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Categories_6.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Categories_6
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/SubCategories_2.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SubCategories_2
com/braintreepayments/api/dropin/R.java
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$anim
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$animator
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$attr
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$bool
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$color
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$dimen
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$drawable
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$id
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$integer
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$interpolator
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$layout
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$menu
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$raw
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$string
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$style
 com.braintreepayments.api.dropin.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_filters_model/ProductFilters.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_filters_model.ProductFilters
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/seller_detail_model/Allcaps.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.seller_detail_model.Allcaps
com/clickshipp/shop/customs/AppBarFlingScrollBehavior.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.AppBarFlingScrollBehavior
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.AppBarFlingScrollBehavior$RecyclerViewScrollListener
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/WishList.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.WishList
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.WishList$1
com/facebook/core/R.java
 com.facebook.core.R
 com.facebook.core.R$attr
 com.facebook.core.R$bool
 com.facebook.core.R$color
 com.facebook.core.R$dimen
 com.facebook.core.R$drawable
 com.facebook.core.R$id
 com.facebook.core.R$integer
 com.facebook.core.R$layout
 com.facebook.core.R$string
 com.facebook.core.R$style
 com.facebook.core.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/customs/CustomScrollMapFragment.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.CustomScrollMapFragment
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.CustomScrollMapFragment$OnTouchListener
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.CustomScrollMapFragment$TouchableWrapper
com/clickshipp/shop/app/App.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.app.App
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/OrdersListAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.OrdersListAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.OrdersListAdapter$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.OrdersListAdapter$MyViewHolder
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/customs/DialogLoader.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.DialogLoader
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Intro_Slide_4.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Intro_Slide_4
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Categories_4.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Categories_4
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Categories_4$1
com/clickshipp/shop/models/seller_detail_model/SellerDetailModel.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.seller_detail_model.SellerDetailModel
androidx/preference/R.java
 androidx.preference.R
 androidx.preference.R$anim
 androidx.preference.R$attr
 androidx.preference.R$bool
 androidx.preference.R$color
 androidx.preference.R$dimen
 androidx.preference.R$drawable
 androidx.preference.R$id
 androidx.preference.R$integer
 androidx.preference.R$layout
 androidx.preference.R$string
 androidx.preference.R$style
 androidx.preference.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/NewsListAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.NewsListAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.NewsListAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/models/currency_model/CurrencyModel.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.currency_model.CurrencyModel
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/phone/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.phone.R
com/clickshipp/shop/models/get_tax/Product.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.get_tax.Product
com/clickshipp/shop/customs/CustomEditText.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.customs.CustomEditText
com/onesignal/R.java
 com.onesignal.R
 com.onesignal.R$attr
 com.onesignal.R$bool
 com.onesignal.R$color
 com.onesignal.R$dimen
 com.onesignal.R$drawable
 com.onesignal.R$id
 com.onesignal.R$integer
 com.onesignal.R$layout
 com.onesignal.R$raw
 com.onesignal.R$string
 com.onesignal.R$style
 com.onesignal.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/HomePage_2.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_2$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.HomePage_2$MyTask
com/clickshipp/shop/databases/DB_Manager.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.databases.DB_Manager
com/clickshipp/shop/activities/SplashScreen.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.SplashScreen
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.SplashScreen$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.SplashScreen$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.SplashScreen$MyExtraTasks
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.SplashScreen$MyTask
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.SplashScreen$MyTask$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.activities.SplashScreen$MyTask$1$1
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/CurrencyAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CurrencyAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CurrencyAdapter$ViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/models/coupons_model/CouponDetails.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.coupons_model.CouponDetails
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.coupons_model.CouponDetails$1
com/clickshipp/shop/models/post_model/PostMedia.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.post_model.PostMedia
com/clickshipp/shop/models/shipping_model/ShippingZoneLocations.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.shipping_model.ShippingZoneLocations
com/google/firebase/firebase_ads/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_ads.R
com/clickshipp/shop/models/currency_model/CurrencyList.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.currency_model.CurrencyList
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Intro_Slide_2.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Intro_Slide_2
com/clickshipp/shop/databases/User_Recents_DB.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.databases.User_Recents_DB
com/clickshipp/shop/models/user_model/UserPictureDetails.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.user_model.UserPictureDetails
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/CategoryListAdapter_1_horizontal.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_1_horizontal
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_1_horizontal$MyViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_model/ProductDownloads.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductDownloads
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductDownloads$1
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Checkout.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$1$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$1$1$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$1$1$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$10
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$11
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$12
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$13
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$2$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$6
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$7
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$8
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Checkout$9
com/clickshipp/shop/models/banner_model/BannerDetails.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.banner_model.BannerDetails
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/CartItemsAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CartItemsAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CartItemsAdapter$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CartItemsAdapter$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CartItemsAdapter$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CartItemsAdapter$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CartItemsAdapter$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CartItemsAdapter$6
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CartItemsAdapter$MyViewHolder0
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CartItemsAdapter$MyViewHolder2
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/All_Category_Products.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Category_Products
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Category_Products$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Category_Products$10
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Category_Products$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Category_Products$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Category_Products$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Category_Products$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Category_Products$5$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Category_Products$5$1$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Category_Products$6
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Category_Products$7
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Category_Products$8
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Category_Products$9
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.All_Category_Products$LoadMoreTask
com/clickshipp/shop/network/APIClient.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.network.APIClient
 com.clickshipp.shop.network.APIClient$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.network.APIClient$2
com/facebook/messenger/R.java
 com.facebook.messenger.R
 com.facebook.messenger.R$attr
 com.facebook.messenger.R$bool
 com.facebook.messenger.R$color
 com.facebook.messenger.R$dimen
 com.facebook.messenger.R$drawable
 com.facebook.messenger.R$id
 com.facebook.messenger.R$integer
 com.facebook.messenger.R$layout
 com.facebook.messenger.R$string
 com.facebook.messenger.R$style
 com.facebook.messenger.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/ProductAttributeValuesAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAttributeValuesAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAttributeValuesAdapter$MyViewHolder
androidx/legacy/preference/R.java
 androidx.legacy.preference.R
 androidx.legacy.preference.R$anim
 androidx.legacy.preference.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.preference.R$bool
 androidx.legacy.preference.R$color
 androidx.legacy.preference.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.preference.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.preference.R$id
 androidx.legacy.preference.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.preference.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.preference.R$string
 androidx.legacy.preference.R$style
 androidx.legacy.preference.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_model/FilteredProductList.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.FilteredProductList
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Update_Account.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Update_Account
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Update_Account$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Update_Account$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Update_Account$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Update_Account$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Update_Account$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Update_Account$6
com/clickshipp/shop/models/contact_model/ContactUsData.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.contact_model.ContactUsData
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
com/clickshipp/shop/models/seller_detail_model/SellerInfoWC.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.seller_detail_model.SellerInfoWC
com/clickshipp/shop/Manifest.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.Manifest
 com.clickshipp.shop.Manifest$permission
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/ProductAdapterRemovable.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapterRemovable
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapterRemovable$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapterRemovable$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapterRemovable$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapterRemovable$4
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapterRemovable$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ProductAdapterRemovable$MyViewHolder
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/user_model/UserMetaData.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.user_model.UserMetaData
com/clickshipp/shop/models/links_model/Links_Up.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.links_model.Links_Up
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/CategoryListAdapter_5.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_5
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_5$MyViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/ProductsNewest.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.ProductsNewest
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.ProductsNewest$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.ProductsNewest$2
com/clickshipp/shop/app/MyAppPrefsManager.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.app.MyAppPrefsManager
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/SettingsFragment.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SettingsFragment
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SettingsFragment$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SettingsFragment$10
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SettingsFragment$10$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SettingsFragment$11
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SettingsFragment$12
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SettingsFragment$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SettingsFragment$5
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SettingsFragment$6
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SettingsFragment$7
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SettingsFragment$8
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SettingsFragment$8$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SettingsFragment$9
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SettingsFragment$9$1
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/CouponsAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CouponsAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CouponsAdapter$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CouponsAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/oauth/ParametersList.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.ParametersList
com/stripe/android/R.java
 com.stripe.android.R
com/clickshipp/shop/models/location_model/Zones.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.location_model.Zones
com/clickshipp/shop/models/post_model/PostTitle.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.post_model.PostTitle
com/clickshipp/shop/models/points/WcPointsRewardsRedeemPointsRatio.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.points.WcPointsRewardsRedeemPointsRatio
com/google/android/gms/auth/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.R
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/CategoryListAdapter_3.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_3
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_3$MyViewHolder
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.CategoryListAdapter_3$MyViewHolder2
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/ViewPagerCustomAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.ViewPagerCustomAdapter
com/google/android/gms/iid/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.iid.R
com/clickshipp/shop/databases/User_Favorites_DB.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.databases.User_Favorites_DB
com/braintreepayments/api/visacheckout/R.java
 com.braintreepayments.api.visacheckout.R
 com.braintreepayments.api.visacheckout.R$anim
 com.braintreepayments.api.visacheckout.R$animator
 com.braintreepayments.api.visacheckout.R$attr
 com.braintreepayments.api.visacheckout.R$bool
 com.braintreepayments.api.visacheckout.R$color
 com.braintreepayments.api.visacheckout.R$dimen
 com.braintreepayments.api.visacheckout.R$drawable
 com.braintreepayments.api.visacheckout.R$id
 com.braintreepayments.api.visacheckout.R$integer
 com.braintreepayments.api.visacheckout.R$layout
 com.braintreepayments.api.visacheckout.R$raw
 com.braintreepayments.api.visacheckout.R$string
 com.braintreepayments.api.visacheckout.R$style
 com.braintreepayments.api.visacheckout.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/FiltersAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.FiltersAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.FiltersAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/models/seller_detail_model/Rating.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.seller_detail_model.Rating
com/clickshipp/shop/utils/LocationHelper.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.LocationHelper
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.LocationHelper$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.LocationHelper$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.LocationHelper$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.LocationHelper$4
com/clickshipp/shop/utils/DrawerLocker.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.utils.DrawerLocker
com/clickshipp/shop/models/seller_detail_model/Paypal.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.seller_detail_model.Paypal
com/clickshipp/shop/oauth/Signature.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.oauth.Signature
com/daimajia/slider/library/R.java
 com.daimajia.slider.library.R
 com.daimajia.slider.library.R$anim
 com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr
 com.daimajia.slider.library.R$bool
 com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color
 com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen
 com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable
 com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id
 com.daimajia.slider.library.R$integer
 com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout
 com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string
 com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style
 com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/points/PointsData.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.points.PointsData
com/clickshipp/shop/models/links_model/Links_Self.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.links_model.Links_Self
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
hyogeun/github/com/colorratingbarlib/R.java
 hyogeun.github.com.colorratingbarlib.R
 hyogeun.github.com.colorratingbarlib.R$anim
 hyogeun.github.com.colorratingbarlib.R$attr
 hyogeun.github.com.colorratingbarlib.R$bool
 hyogeun.github.com.colorratingbarlib.R$color
 hyogeun.github.com.colorratingbarlib.R$dimen
 hyogeun.github.com.colorratingbarlib.R$drawable
 hyogeun.github.com.colorratingbarlib.R$id
 hyogeun.github.com.colorratingbarlib.R$integer
 hyogeun.github.com.colorratingbarlib.R$layout
 hyogeun.github.com.colorratingbarlib.R$string
 hyogeun.github.com.colorratingbarlib.R$style
 hyogeun.github.com.colorratingbarlib.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/order_model/OrderTaxes.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.order_model.OrderTaxes
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/PointsAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.PointsAdapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.PointsAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/DrawerExpandableListAdapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.DrawerExpandableListAdapter
com/clickshipp/shop/models/points/PointsList.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.points.PointsList
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/ProductsOnSale.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.ProductsOnSale
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.ProductsOnSale$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.ProductsOnSale$2
com/clickshipp/shop/models/shipping_model/ShippingMethods.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.shipping_model.ShippingMethods
com/clickshipp/shop/models/location_model/Countries.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.location_model.Countries
com/paypal/android/sdk/onetouch/core/R.java
 com.paypal.android.sdk.onetouch.core.R
com/google/android/gms/gcm/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.gcm.R
 com.google.android.gms.gcm.R$string
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Languages.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Languages
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Languages$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Languages$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Languages$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Languages$ChangeLocaleTask
com/example/crystalrangeseekbar/R.java
 com.example.crystalrangeseekbar.R
 com.example.crystalrangeseekbar.R$anim
 com.example.crystalrangeseekbar.R$attr
 com.example.crystalrangeseekbar.R$bool
 com.example.crystalrangeseekbar.R$color
 com.example.crystalrangeseekbar.R$dimen
 com.example.crystalrangeseekbar.R$drawable
 com.example.crystalrangeseekbar.R$id
 com.example.crystalrangeseekbar.R$integer
 com.example.crystalrangeseekbar.R$layout
 com.example.crystalrangeseekbar.R$string
 com.example.crystalrangeseekbar.R$style
 com.example.crystalrangeseekbar.R$styleable
com/clickshipp/shop/models/post_model/PostCategory.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.post_model.PostCategory
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/NotificationFrag.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.NotificationFrag
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.NotificationFrag$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.NotificationFrag$1$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.NotificationFrag$2
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.NotificationFrag$3
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.NotificationFrag$4
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_model/ProductImages.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductImages
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductImages$1
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/SubCategories_4.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.SubCategories_4
com/clickshipp/shop/models/product_model/ProductAttributes.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductAttributes
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.product_model.ProductAttributes$1
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
com/clickshipp/shop/adapters/Notification_Adapter.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.Notification_Adapter
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.Notification_Adapter$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.Notification_Adapter$MyViewHolder
 com.clickshipp.shop.adapters.Notification_Adapter$OnItemClick
com/clickshipp/shop/fragments/Download.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Download
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Download$1
 com.clickshipp.shop.fragments.Download$2
com/clickshipp/shop/models/user_model/UserDetails.java
 com.clickshipp.shop.models.user_model.UserDetails
com/google/android/gms/ads_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_base.R
